chore: update bug report template (#825)
zwave-js/zwavejs2mqtt: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---

> <!--
>   🚨🚨🚨 STOP! STOP! STOP! 🚨🚨🚨
>   Before opening an issue, please read and follow these steps:
>   1. Are you using HomeAssistant?
>   If yes, please open your issue at https://github.com/home-assistant/core/issues
>   UNLESS a developer told you to come here.
>   Also make sure to provide the necessary information, as described here:
>   For HomeAssistant, this is how you do it:
>   Home Assistant -> settings -> Integrations -> Z-Wave JS -> Configure -> Create dump -> zip the json file and post it here.
>   🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 Thanks, now onto your issue:
> -->
> 
> Before submitting a bug please read: <https://zwave-js.github.io/zwavejs2mqtt/#/troubleshooting/bug_report>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--
  🚨🚨🚨 STOP! STOP! STOP! 🚨🚨🚨
  Before opening an issue, please read and follow these steps:

  1. Are you using HomeAssistant?
  If yes, please open your issue at https://github.com/home-assistant/core/issues
  UNLESS a developer told you to come here.

  2. Check the troubleshooting section if your problem is described there:
  https://zwave-js.github.io/zwavejs2mqtt/#/troubleshooting/bug_report

  3. Check the changelog if your problem was already fixed recently.
  https://github.com/zwave-js/zwavejs2mqtt/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md
  We cannot provide support if you are not using the latest version.

  4. Make sure to provide the necessary information, as described here:
  https://zwave-js.github.io/zwavejs2mqtt/#/troubleshooting/bug_report
  
  If you are using HomeAssistant, this is how you do it:
  Home Assistant -> settings -> Integrations -> Z-Wave JS -> Configure -> Create dump -> zip the json file and post it here.

  🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 Thanks, now onto your issue:
-->
```

### Version

**Checklist:**

- [ ] I am **not** using HomeAssistant. **Or:** a developer has told me to come here.
- [ ] I have checked the troubleshooting section and my problem is **not** described there.
- [ ] I have read the changelog problem was **not** mentioned there.

Build/Run method

- [ ] Docker
- [ ] PKG
- [ ] Manually built (git clone - npm install - npm run build )

zwavejs2mqtt version: <version here, you can find it on control panel>

> zwavejs version: <version here, you can find it on control panel>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
zwave-js version: <version here, you can find it on control panel>
```
